common*: refresh old pages part 3 (#16257)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dirsearch.md

- Scan a web server for common paths with common extensions:

`dirsearch {{[-u|--url]}} {{url}} --extensions-list`

> - Scan a list of web servers for common paths with the `.php` extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan a list of web servers for common paths with multiple file extensions:
```

> `dirsearch {{[-l|--url-list]}} {{path/to/url-list.txt}} {{[-e|--extensions]}} {{php}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dirsearch {{[-l|--url-list]}} {{path/to/url-list.txt}} {{[-e|--extensions]}} {{php,jsp,aspx,etc...}}`
```
To inform the user that multiple extensions can be added directly, without the need for a specific file containing them.

Author: etc is not a command. Just ellipses will do.
